== Getting Started

1. Clone the repo

2. run 'bundle install'

3. run 'bundle exec rake db:create'

4. run 'bundle exec rake db:migrate db:seed'

5. run a rails server (bundle exec rails server)

6. Go to 'localhost:3000' and enjoy!

== Future Optimizations

1. Use caching - blackjack instances should be stored in memcached. This is important for ensuring server response time is low when there are many concurrent users.

2. Clean up the CSS (and ensure multiple browser support). This game was only tested on Chrome.

3. Remove the public pages and add a "catch all" error page for missing routes etc.

== Future Functionality Additions

1. Add a "with friends" mode - it would be great if you could play your friends instead of just playing the dealer. For this to work, the blackjack model would have to change to support two user_ids. Alternately, I could add a "user_matches" table that relates pairs of users to the blackjack games played.

2. Add a help page! Since my rules are a simplified set a rules, it would be great if users could see my rules. This would eliminate the learning curve (if users were to read the help section).

3. Additional blackjack elements: betting, the ability to "split" in-game.

4. Leaderboards! With a PvP mode, leaderboards are super important.

== THANK YOU!

1. All my assets were stolen from deviantArt:
- http://chromadancer.deviantart.com/
- http://mlp-vector-collabs.deviantart.com/

2. My authentication is largely borrowed from this Railscast:
- http://railscasts.com/episodes/250-authentication-from-scratch
